1. Aim
The purpose of this analysis was to scan three genomes, corona.fasta, Nile.fasta, and acute.fasta, for short inverted repeats of 4 to 6 bp in length. These IRs could indicate potential transposon boundaries.

2. Method
For each genome"

I read the sequence from the FASTA file and combined it into a single continuous string.
Using a sliding window of 4 to 6 bp, I defined the left repeat.
For each left repeat, I calculated its reverse complement and searched for matches from the end of the left repeat to the end of the genome.
Each matching pair of repeats was recorded along with:
    Their positions (1-based)
    Repeat length
    Spacer length (distance between the repeats)
    Total span (putative transposon length calculated as right_end minus left_start plus 1)

3. Summary of Results

3.1 corona.fasta
    Genome length: 27,553 bp
    Total inverted-repeat pairs found: 2,697,859
    Most IR pairs had the shortest repeat length of 4 bp, fewer had 5 bp, and very few had 6 bp
    Spacer lengths were widely distributed, with many short spacers and a gradual decrease for longer spacers

3.2 Nile.fasta
    Genome length: 11,029 bp
    Total inverted-repeat pairs found: 337,749
    The pattern was similar to corona.fasta. Most IRs were 4 bp long, fewer were 5 or 6 bp, and spacer lengths were broadly distributed.

3.3 acute.fasta
    Genome length: 29,903 bp
    Total inverted-repeat pairs found: 3,089,437
    Plots showed the same trend as the other genomes. 4-bp repeats were the most common and spacer lengths gradually decreased as they got longer.


Because the repeats are very short, it is expected to find a large number of inverted repeats by chance. This explains the hundreds of thousands to millions of hits in all three genomes.
The smooth decrease in the number of pairs as spacer length increases suggests that most detected IRs are likely random and not true transposon boundaries.

The sliding-window search successfully identified all short inverted repeats of 4 to 6 bp in the three genomes and described their distribution. 
However, the very high number of hits and the broad, smooth distribution of spacer lengths indicate that most short IRs occur by chance.
 The results represent potential, but not confirmed, transposon candidates.